# temporary
testModuleAsTypeNoCrash
testModuleAsTypeNoCrash2
testStubPackageSubModule
testInvalidReferenceToAttributeOfOuterClass
testInvalidStrLiteralSpaces
testInvalidStrLiteralStrayBrace
testInvalidMultilineLiteralType
testInvalidTypevarArguments
testMoreInvalidTypevarArguments
testInvalidTypevarValues
testObsoleteTypevarValuesSyntax
testVarOrFuncAsType
testInvalidNestedClassReferenceInDecl
testNonSelfMemberAssignmentWithTypeDeclaration
testNonSelfMemberAssignmentWithTypeDeclarationInMethod
testMissingGenericImport
testInvalidBaseClass2
testNewAnalyzerNoCrashOnStarInference

# Class body NameBinder issues
testNewAnalyzerShadowOuterDefinitionBasedOnOrderSinglePass
testNewAnalyzerShadowOuterDefinitionBasedOnOrderTwoPasses
testNewAnalyzerAnnotationConflictsWithAttributeSinglePass
testNewAnalyzerAnnotationConflictsWithAttributeTwoPasses
testNewAnalyzerNameConflictsAndMultiLineDefinition
testNewAnalyzerNameNotDefinedYetInClassBody
testNewAnalyzerImportedNameUsedInClassBody*
testNewAnalyzerPlaceholderFromOuterScope

# Cycles
testNewAnalyzerTypeAnnotationCycle4
testNewAnalyzerIncompleteRefShadowsBuiltin1
testNewAnalyzerAliasToNotReadyDirectBase
testNewAnalyzerAliasToNotReadyDirectBaseFunction
testNewAnalyzerAliasToNotReadyMixed
testNewAnalyzerForwardTypeAliasInBase
testNewAnalyzerVarTypeVarNoCrashImportCycle
testNewAnalyzerFuncTypeVarNoCrashImportCycle

# Module Values
testModuleImplicitAttributes

# Type Var Values / Bounds
testNewAnalyzerMoreInvalidTypeVarArgumentsDeferred
*TypeVarValues*
testNewAnalyzerTypeVarForwardReference*
*TypeVarBound*
testNewAnalyzerTypeArgBoundCheck
testNewAnalyzerTypeArgValueRestriction
testNewAnalyzerTypeArgBoundCheckDifferentNodes
testNewAnalyzerFallbackUpperBoundCheckAndFallbacks
testNewAnalyzerApplicationForward4

# __all__
testNewAnalyzerExportedValuesInImportAll

# Literal
testNewAnalyzerBool
testNoneHasBool
testNoneHasBoolShowNoneErrorsFalse

# int -> float promotion
testNewAnalyzerPromotion

# Class in Class
testNewAnalyzerNestedClass*
testNewAnalyzerAliasToNotReadyNestedClass*

# Class in function
testNewAnalyzerClassInFunction
testNewAnalyzerNestedClassInMethod
testNewAnalyzerDeeplyNestedFunctions
testNewAnalyzerUnsupportedBaseClassInsideFunction

# Property
testNonMethodProperty
testInvalidArgCountForProperty
testNewAnalyzerProperty
testNewAnalyzerNoCrashOnCustomProperty

# classmethod
testGenericClassMethod*
testClassmethodAndNonMethod
testAddBaseClassMethodCausingInvalidOverride
testModifyBaseClassMethodCausingInvalidOverride

# staticmethod
testStaticmethodAndNonMethod

# NamedTuple
*NamedTuple*
testNewAnalyzerTupleIteration
testDistinctTypes

# Cast
testInvalidCast*
testInvalidNumberOfArgsToCast
testInvalidKindsOfArgsToCast
testNewAnalyzerCastForward*

# Type application vs. type declaration
testNewAnalyzerAliasToNotReadyClassDoubleGeneric

# Incomplete Unions: `int | int`
testNewAnalyzerForwardAliasFromUnion
# Union wrong because of as_inferred (BoundMethod)
testNewAnalyzerBuiltinAliasesFixed

# Dynamic functions are not type checked?!
testNoInvalidTypeInDynamicFunctions

# Module <M> has no attribute <missing_name>; maybe <name>
testNewAnalyzerTypeAnnotationCycle3

# Comprehensions
testNewAnalyzerListComprehension
testNewAnalyzerDictionaryComprehension

# if sys.version
testNewAnalyzerVersionCheck*

# lambda
testNewAnalyzerVarTypeVarNoCrash

# Conditional definitions
testNewAnalyzerConditionalFunc*
testNewAnalyzerConditionallyDefineFuncOverVar

# Visibility of imports in pyi
testNewSemanticAnalyzerModulePrivateRefInMiddleOfQualified

# typing extensions
testInvalidUnpackTypes
testTypeVarTuple
testRuntimeProtoTwoBases

# --show-error-context
testNewAnalyzerTypeArgBoundCheckWithContext

# Import submodules
testNewAnalyzerImportStarSpecialCase

# Import itself / Extremely weird import orders
testNewAnalyzerImportCycleWithIgnoreMissingImports
testNewAnalyzerImportFromTopLevelFunction
testNewAnalyzerImportFromTopLevelAlias
testNewAnalyzerImportAmbiguousWithTopLevelFunction

# Multi definition ifs
testNewAnalyzerFirstAliasTargetWins
testNewAnalyzerFirstVarDefinitionWins

# Multiple arguments missing
testMissingPositionalArguments

# Redefinition
testGlobalVarRedefinition
testLocalVarRedefinition
testClassVarRedefinition
testMultipleClassDefinitions
testMultipleMixedDefinitions
testMultipleMethodDefinition
testMultipleNestedFunctionDef
testRedefineVariableAsTypevar
testRedefineTypevar*
testImportTwoModulesWithSameNameInFunction
testImportTwoModulesWithSameNameInGlobalContext
testTypeRedeclarationNoSpuriousWarnings
testDuplicateDef*
testTypeVarClassDup
testAliasDup
testImportFuncDup
testIgnoredImportDup
testNewAnalyzerRedefinitionAndDeferral*
testNewAnalyzerImportStarForwardRef*
testNewAnalyzerImportOverExistingInCycle*
testNewAnalyzerConditionalFunc
testNewAnalyzerConditionallyDefineFuncOverClass
testNewAnalyzerMissingImportErrors*
testNewAnalyzerDuplicateTypeVar*
testNewAnalyzerRedefineAsClass
testNewAnalyzerOverrideClassWithTypeAlias
testNewAnalyzerIdentityAssignment*

# Metaclass
*Metaclass*
testNewAnalyzerClassKeywordsError
testNewAnalyzerNotAnAlias
testNewAnalyzerClassPropertiesInAllScopes

# fine-grained
testTypeAliasRefresh
testReprocessMethodShowSource
testVariableTypeBecomesInvalid
testIgnoreWorksAfterUpdate
testIgnoredAttrReprocessedMeta
testDataclass*
testAttrs*
testAddBaseClassAttributeCausingErrorInSubclass
testChangeBaseClassAttributeType
testConstructorSignatureChanged2
testConstructorSignatureChanged3
testSuperField
testReprocessMethodInNestedClassSemanal
*Deco*
testPreviousErrorInMethodSemanalPass3
*Overload*
*python2
testSuperBasics
testErrorInTypeCheckSecondPassThroughPropagation
*PartialType*
testRefreshGenericSubclass
*NewType*
*Enum*
*TypedDict*
testAliasFineNormalClassBases
testAliasFineGenericToNonGeneric
testAliasFineClassToAlias
testAliasFineAliasToClass
testAliasFineInitGenericMod
testAliasFineInitGenericFunc
testFineGrainedCallable
testRefreshSubclassNestedInFunction2
testSkippedClass*
testReprocessCallableArg
testImplicitTuple2
testImplicitTuple3
*StrictOptional*
*GenericFineCallable*
*Abstract*
testChangeTypeVarToFunction
testChangeTypeVarToModule
testRefreshGenericClass
testChangeTypeVarToTypeAlias
testRefreshNestedClassWithSelfReference
testNonExistentFileOnCommandLine*
*DunderNew*
*Protocol*
*Yield*
testUnpackInExpression3-only_when_nocache
*Await*
test__aiter__and__anext__
*Async*
*Liskov*
*RefreshIgnore*
testRefreshOptions
*ImportOnTopOfAlias*
testRefreshForWithTypeComment1
testRefreshForWithTypeComment2
*Final*
testIfTypeCheckingUnreachableClass
testAliasForwardFunction*
testLiteral*
testInlineConfigFineGrained*
testWrongNumberOfArguments
*NewAnalyzer
testIsInstanceAdHocIntersectionFineGrainedIncremental*
testStubFixupIssues
testDunderCallAddition

# check-generic-alias test stuff
testGenericAliasImportRe
testGenericAliasCollectionsABCReveal

# check-generics
testGenericMethodReturnType
testGenericMethodArgument
testGenericMemberVariable
testGenericMemberVariable2
testSimpleGenericSubtyping
testGenericTypeCompatibilityWithAny
testGenericTypeBody1
testOperatorAssignmentWithIndexLvalue1
testTypeApplicationCrash
testGenericTypeAliasesBasic2
testGenericTypeAliasesUnion
testGenericTypeAliasesCallable
testGenericTypeAliasesPEPBasedExample
testGenericTypeAliasesImporting
testGenericTypeAliasesImportingWithoutTypeVar
testAliasesInClassBodyNormalVsSubscripted
testGenericTypeAliasesRuntimeExpressionsInstance
testGenericTypeAliasesTypeVarBinding
testGenericTypeAliasesTypeVarConstraints
testGenericTypeAliasesIgnoredPotentialAlias
testNoSubscriptionOfBuiltinAliases
testImportedTypeAliasInRuntimeContext
testMultipleAssignmentWithList*
# scoping in check-generics
testClassLevelTypeVariable
testGenericInnerClass
testGenericClassInnerFunctionTypeVariable
testFunctionInGenericInnerClassTypeVariable-skip
# function subtyping
testSubtypingWithGenericFunctions
testSubtypingWithGenericInnerFunctions
testSubtypingWithGenericFunctionUsingTypevarWithValues
# callable
testIdentityHigherOrderFunction*
# special cases
testGenericFunctionsWithUnalignedIds
testTypeVariableWithContainerAndTuple
testGenericOperatorMethodOverlapping*
testCallTypeTWithGenericBound
testQualifiedTypeVariableName
testPartiallyQualifiedTypeVariableName
testGenericClassClsNonGeneric
testGenericClassUnrelatedVars
testGenericClassInGenericFunction*
testGenericClassDirectCall
testGenericClassAlternativeConstructorPrecise*
testNoGenericAccessOnImplicitAttributes
testGenericClassAttrUnboundOn*
testGenericClassPropertyBound
testGenericClassInsideOtherGenericClass
testGenericFunctionMemberExpand
testGenericJoin*

# semanal-errors
testInvalidNumberOfGenericArgsInTypeDecl
# syntax not yet supported
testBreakOutsideLoop
testContinueOutsideLoop
testInvalidGlobalDecl
testAssignToTypeDef
# parser shit
testInvalidLvalues*
testTwoStarExpressions*
testStarExpressionRhs
testStarExpressionInExp
testInvalidDel*
testInvalidTypeDeclaration
testIndexedAssignmentWithTypeDeclaration
testInvalidLvalueWithExplicitType*
testInvalidWithTarget
testInvalidTypeAnnotation*
# whatever
testSuperOutsideClass
testTestExtendPrimitives
testInvalidTypeWithinNestedGenericClass
testTypevarWithType
# Library stuff
testInvalidAssertType
testInvalidAnyCall
testInvalidTypeInTypeApplication
testParamSpec
testBaseClassAnnotatedWithoutArgs
# Tuple types
testVariableDeclWithInvalidNumberOfTypes*
testVariableDeclWithInvalidType
# Scoping
testListComprehensionSpecialScoping

# Nonlocal
*NonlocalDecl*
testNonlocalAndGlobalDecl
testNewAnalyzerRedefinedNonlocal

# Module __getattr__
testNewAnalyzerModuleGetattrSerialize_incremental

# Module __init__ None needed
testInitReturnTypeError

# need annotation
testNewAnalyzerLessErrorsNeedAnnotation*

# Separate formatting for ambigous names???
testIncompatibleAssignmentAmbiguousShortnames

# Invariant note
testAssignmentInvariantNoteForList
testAssignmentInvariantNoteForDict

# Won't support for now:
testExpressionRefersToTypeVariable

# Won't support: Signature Comments
testIncompatibleSignatureInComment
testFunctionSignatureAsComment
testMethodSignatureAsComment

# Won't support ever: Mypy test case details
testNewAnalyzerIncompleteFixture

# Skips
testTrailingCommaParsing-skip
